docs: improve caching documentation (#4081)
tuist/tuist: projects/docs/docs/building-at-scale/caching.md

### Warming the cache

Warming the cache is the process of building, hashing, and storing cacheable targets in the cache.

> We recommend setting up a continuous integration pipeline that runs on every master commit and executes the [cache](commands/cache.md) command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend setting up a continuous integration pipeline that runs on every main branch commit and executes the [cache](commands/cache.md) command:
```

Let's update the language here

```bash
tuist cache warm
```

> To warm the cache of only specific targets and their dependencies, you can run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To warm the cache with only specific targets and their dependencies, you can run:
```

```bash
tuist cache warm FrameworkA FrameworkB
```

> To warm the cache of only targets not defined in your project or workspace (for example, external dependencies), you can run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To warm the cache with only targets not defined in your project or workspace (for example, external dependencies), you can run:
```

> To warm the cache of only of targets not defined in your project or workspace (for example, external dependencies), you can run:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To warm the cache of only targets not defined in your project or workspace (for example, external dependencies), you can run:
```

```bash
tuist cache warm --dependencies-only

> ```

Reviewer: With the layout of this page it may make sense to introduce this in the `### External dependencies and cache` section

Author: I would keep it here. Dependencies is not strictly related to external dependencies. You can still do `tuist cache warm MyTarget --dependencies-only`, which would be to cache dependencies of MyTArget, including the internal ones

### Using cached artifacts

> One the cache is warmed, you can use the [generate](commands/generate.md) command to generate a project replacing external dependencies with artifacts from the cache:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the cache is warmed, you can use the [generate](commands/generate.md) command to generate a project, replacing external dependencies with artifacts from the cache:
```

```bash
tuist generate
```

> Or you can specify the list of targets you are interested on, so that also your other targets are replaced with binary artifacts

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Or you can specify the list of targets you are interested in, so that all other targets are replaced with binary artifacts
```

```bash

> tuist FrameworkA FrameworkB

Reviewer 2: Does this need to be `tuist generate FrameworkA FrameworkB`?
```suggestion
tuist generate FrameworkA FrameworkB
```

```

If you need to use the app on a real device, remember to pass the `--xcframeworks` argument to both `tuist cache warm` and `tuist generate`.

### External dependencies and cache

> In general, you are not interested in the source code of your [external dependencies](guides/dependencies.md). To import them as binary you will usually:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In general, developers do not need to view the source code of their [external dependencies](guides/dependencies.md). To import them as binaries:
```

> 1. fetch the dependencies

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Fetch the dependencies
```

```bash
tuist fetch
```

> 2. build their cache if needed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Build their cache if needed
```

```bash
tuist cache warm --dependencies-only
```

> 3. Generate the project, using binary artifacts for external dependencies

Reviewer: nit: Maybe add links to every usage of `Generate` to the generate docs?

Author: There should be the list of parameters there, I think it's enough

> 3. generate the project, using binary artifacts for external dependencies

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Generate the project, using binary artifacts for external dependencies
```

> ### Unsupported configurations

Reviewer: If we have issues describing these unsupported ones we should link them here, it may encourage others to try and fix them if they have more context.

Author: This is related to the old way of importing dependencies, not sure we can do much for it
